in the 70s they were an elite unit with
names like brick temp
they rose like the Phoenix and then they
were gone the legend became but a
whisper told by the trees until now
we're starting a 24-hour news channel
and we want you I'm going to do the
thing that God put Ron Burgundy on this
earth to do have salon-quality hair and
read the news the news team is back
welcome to the Haley's baby is that your
foot between my legs it was my hand
your hair looks like white popcorn I
like the parts of your face that are
covered with skin
[Music]
that's Jack lime look at him he said
Prince he's not that great
what did you say he said you're not that
great brick
[Music]
pottery jet magazine or jheri-curl daily
I'm breaking down the barriers of race
by assimilation and on that note which
one of you convicts with the longest
record can pass me the mashed potatoes
[Music]
am i right